en, zh: Add description about spec.toolImage (#1146) (#1202)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-restore-overview.md

### General fields

* `.spec.metadata.namespace`: The namespace where the `Backup` CR is located.
* `.spec.toolImage`: The tool image used by `Backup`.

>     - When using BR for backup, you can specify the BR version in this field. For example, `.spec.toolImage: pingcap/br:v5.0.1`. If not specified, `pingcap/br:${tikv_version}` is used for backup by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When using BR for backup, you can specify the BR version in this field. For example, `.spec.toolImage: pingcap/br:v4.0.10`. If not specified, `pingcap/br:${tikv_version}` is used for backup by default.
```

>     - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_V40` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.
```

>     - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v5.0.1`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.          

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v5.0.1`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.          
```

>     - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v5.0.1`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.          

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v5.0.1`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.
```

>     - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v5.0.1`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.          

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.          
```

>     - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.          

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - When using Dumpling for backup, you can specify the Dumpling version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/dumpling:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Dumpling version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for backup by default.
```

This section introduces the fields in the `Restore` CR.

* `.spec.metadata.namespace`: The namespace where the `Restore` CR is located.
* `.spec.toolImage`：The tools image used by `Restore`. 

>     - When using BR for restoring, you can specify the BR version in this field. For example,`spec.toolImage: pingcap/br:v5.0.1`. If not specified, `pingcap/br:${tikv_version}` is used for restoring by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When using BR for restoring, you can specify the BR version in this field. For example,`spec.toolImage: pingcap/br:v4.0.10`. If not specified, `pingcap/br:${tikv_version}` is used for restoring by default.
```

>     - When using Lightning for restoring, you can specify the Lightning version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/lightning:v5.0.1`. If not specified, the Lightning version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for restoring by default. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - When using Lightning for restoring, you can specify the Lightning version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/lightning:v5.0.1`. If not specified, the Lightning version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for restoring by default. 
```

>     - When using Lightning for restoring, you can specify the Lightning version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/lightning:v5.0.1`. If not specified, the Lightning version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for restoring by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When using Lightning for restoring, you can specify the Lightning version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/lightning:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Lightning version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for restoring by default. 
```

>     - When using Lightning for restoring, you can specify the Lightning version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/lightning:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Lightning version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for restoring by default. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - When using Lightning for restoring, you can specify the Lightning version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/lightning:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Lightning version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for restoring by default. 
```

>     - When using Lightning for restoring, you can specify the Lightning version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/lightning:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Lightning version specified in `TOOLKIT_VERSION` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for restoring by default. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - When using Lightning for restoring, you can specify the Lightning version in this field. For example, `spec.toolImage: pingcap/lightning:v4.0.10`. If not specified, the Lightning version specified in `TOOLKIT_V40` of the [Backup Manager Dockerfile](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/release-1.1/images/tidb-backup-manager/Dockerfile) is used for restoring by default. 
```
